For various reasons, you want to be able to tell your robot roughly where it is on the field, based on its position, and what direction
its facing. This is particularly useful for skills autons, and can make your alliance auton quite a bit more reliable, even if its only
general information.

Measuring position:
This is done through two main ways, one using the integrated motor encoders, and one using shaft encoders on a wheel that is not powered,
but sprung to the ground.
Motor encoders measure the amount that a motor has rotated in degrees, and while this is accurate the motor, this will rarely be accurate
to a wheel it may be powering, as that wheel will slip on the ground, and that will not be accounted for using the motor encoder.
Alternatively, we can spring a spare wheel onto the ground and put its spindle through a shaft encoder. This will measure how much
the non-powered wheel rotates in degrees, and as it is sprung, this will not slip, so this measurement will be very accurate.

To convert the distance to rotations, you must measure the circumference of one of the wheels (by measuring its diameter and multiplying
it by pi, in other words circumference = diameter*π). The consider that one 360 degree rotation = 1 circumference of distance, so then
1 degree = circumference/360, so rotations = degrees*circumference/360. This will be close but not quite accurate, test moving the robot
forward and see how close it is to its target, then measure (intended distance)/(distance travelled), and multiply that by the number 
circumference/360, and repeat until the error is good enough, it doesnt need to be perfect.

These tracking wheels can be used to measure the robot moving forward, or sideways

Measuring angular position:
This can be done using either a combination of two tracking wheels about the centre of rotation, and measuring how much they rotated in an
arc to determine the number of degrees the robot has rotated. Otherwise, you can use a gyro sensor to measure this, or even a combination
of both. Generally, a combination of two tracking wheel is a bit more reliable, but gyro sensors are far easier to work with.

Combining the two:
Generally, for a robot with the ability to strafe, three tracking wheels, two forwards and one sideways, are an option to measure
everything, or two tracking wheels and a gyro sensor.

